Gfclient/GFserver
    My main strategy to implement the client and server was to use a 'state machine' in each
    in order to handle the protocol parsing and error handling
    In other words, the client/server have a variable to distinguish in what particular 'state'
    the transmission is in, and what has been parsed and what not.
    THe client/server move to the next states after the previous ones has been completed.  The states include
    'parse_method', 'parse_scheme', 'parse_path', etc.
 
     For each individual state, I make sure I have received enough bytes in order to even consider 
     processing that state.   For instance, if the state = parse_scheme, I make sure that at least
     strlen("GETFILE") bytes have been received before I try to process that state.  If this amount
     of bytes have not been received, I try again later.  A timeout will fire if more bytes are not 
     received eventually.
     
     As soon as an error is encountered I return with the appropriate error code.

Multithreaded client/server
    I implemented both the client and server following the boss/thread worker paradigm.  The 'boss' 
    creates the worker threads and continuously enqueues requests to a queue.  The worker threads
    atomically (and thread-safe) dequeue requests from the queue and process them in parallel.
    
    In the case of the client, I also use 'join' to guarantee all requests have been handled before
    cleaning up resources and finishing execution

    The request queue is protected using mutexes and condition variables in order to avoid race
    conditions.

    In the multithreaded server, I declared the queue, mutex, and conditional variables as global 
    variables for simplicity.  In the client, I made server and port global to avoid having to pass 
    this info individually to every worker thread.


* Any insights. We may consider extra points!
  I would suggest considering making Part 1's protocol more uniform.  Most of my time in Part 1 was spent
  reading countless of Piazza post for clarification.   I think students could learn the same amount of 
  material on sockets (OS networking) even if the protocol is more uniform (eg. tokens always follwed by 
  spaces)

  I also hope we eventually learn about 'libevent'.  This seems the most popular networking library
  out there, and I wanted to learn how it works in the project.


* Known bugs

  None


* Credits if you used others’ (publicly available) code.
    I read Stack Overflow posts and some tutorials on sockets but I didn't copy any code.


